So today we will compare two
policies of ICS Lord, one is Max
Protect and the other is ICS Lord
Health Advantage. We will compare both of them.
What are the differences, what are the similarities
and what are the differences in the premium. So
stay till the end of the video, it is going to be very useful.
Before starting the video, I would
like to introduce myself. My
name is Gurleen Ka Tikku. I am a
Certified Financial Planner. I
bring videos for you every week so that your
personal financial life and insurance
buying journey can become easy and happy and
because the tagline of our company is also
creating a wealth happiness.
A quick reminder before starting the video,
if you have not yet subscribed to our channel, do it so that
you get the right
information at the right time.
This is a much requested comparison. Many people have
requested that ISC's new product
Max Protect has been launched. Compare it with ISC
's flagship product Health
Advantage. So that is why
we are bringing this comparison today.  If
you want to check the detailed video about Max Protect, it
is available on our channel
and the detailed video of ICICI Lord Health Advantage is also
available on our channel, you
can refer to it, so let's move towards the video.
Comparison between ICICI Lombard Max
Protect and ICICI Lord Health
Advantage. Firstly, we will talk about the
claim settlement ratio and
income claim ratio of ICICI Lombard. The claim
settlement ratio is 88.5 and income claim
ratio is 91.6.7, so this data is of 20122. The
latest data is not available right now, it will come
at the end of December, when it comes, we will share its information
with you as well. So first let's talk about the
unique features of both the plans.
So, the unique feature of ICICI Lord Max Protect is
that higher sum assured
is also available in it. You can take a policy from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 10 crore.
Secondly,
world wide coverage is available here without any
copayment.  The variants are Classic and
Premium. Worldwide coverage
is available in premium without any copayment. The third
unique feature is your cumet bonus, which is guaranteed and does
not reduce. This means that
if you are given a cumet bonus once, or a no-claim
bonus of 20% per year, maximum
100%, then it will not be reduced. Even if a
claim arises in the future, the fourth is
unlimited refill benefit without any
restriction. You can use it on anything
for any illness. Now let's talk about the
unique features of ICICI Lombard Health Advantage. The
first is the guaranteed cumet bonus.
You are given a guaranteed claim-
free year. Once you get the bonus, it will
remain with you in the future and will not be reduced if you make a
claim in the future. The second unique
feature is that a rider for maternity benefit is also
available to you. If you want to
cover maternity,
you can cover maternity after nine months
and newborn baby in ICICI Lombard Health Advantage.
Expenses, vaccination
expenses are also covered. Thirdly, world
wide coverage is also available if the
policy is above Rs 25 lakh with co-payment of Rs 10 lakh. Let us
move ahead and talk about eligibility features, similarities, differences
and finally, we will talk about premium.
Which variants are available? There are
two variants available in your ICC Lombard Max Protect,
one is your
Classic and the other one is Premium Health
Advantage, which is only one variant available,
which is Upx Plus. So, policy tenure is
one year, two year, three year
policy is available in both the policies. You know, if you pay the
premium of two year and three years together,
then there are some discounts that you can avail, this is called
long tenure
discount. Minimum entry age is
18 years in both the policies
for adults and maximum is 65 years.
In Max Protect, if you are
taking an individual policy, then a
child can enter at the age of six years also.  The maximum is 65 years. The
dependent age is 25 years in both the policies.
After 25 years, the sum assured will be
divided among the children. Minimum and maximum
sum assured available.
In Max Protect, the minimum sum assured is ₹1 lakh and the maximum is
10 crores. Options available are 50 lakhs, 1
crore, 3 crores, 5 crores, 10 crores and also
unlimited option is available. Unlimited
means that whatever claim comes, the entire claim will be
settled. In IIC Health Advantage, there are
options ranging from 5 lakhs to 3 crores. You
can choose the bonus as per your need.
No claim bonus is available
in both the plans. If you do not make a claim,
your sum assured will be increased by 20%. The maximum
will be 100%. And if any claim comes in the future,
your bonus will not be reduced because this is guaranteed.
Day care procedures:
Day care procedures in both the plans  Are covered up to
sum of domicile hospitalization and organ
donor. Organ donor expenses and domicile
hospitalization are covered in both the plans.
Up to sum of domicile hospitalization is covered. There is no restriction on
AYUSH hospitalization. If
you want to get AYUSH hospitalization done,
which is Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha,
Homeopathy, hospitals are available for these also, then that
treatment is also covered up to sum of domicile treatment.
Home care
treatment is covered in Max Protect in premium
plan, it is not covered in Classic
and home care treatment is covered in Health Advantage as well.
Refill benefit: You have
unlimited number of times in Max Protect. You
can take refill for anything, there
is no restriction for any illness. So
unlimited number of times, means if your
base sum assured gets exhausted, it will be refilled again. If
equal to base sum assured gets exhausted,
then it will be refilled again. Where as
in ICICI Loard Health Advantage, once a
year is there for any illness, emergency road
ambulance is available for both
Worldwide cover is available for hospitalization up to ₹1000000 in both the plans.
Premium pay is available in Max Protect,
Classic pay is not available and it is
available in Health Advantage. For all plans above ₹25 lakh,
there is a co-payment of ₹10 lakh. There is
no co-payment in Max Protect, but in Max Protect
you will be given a maximum
cover of ₹3 crore. You cannot take Worldwide cover above ₹3 crore. We will
talk about room eligibility. Any
room is accepted in ICC Lord Max Protect,
except sweet category.
You can take any room in ICC Lord Advantage.
Pre and post hospitalization
expenses are covered for 60 days and 180 days in both the plans.
Compliant only,
not available in Classic. You can claim Compliant Item in ICC Lord Health Advantage as
well.
After buying the
policy, you do not need to wait.
After 10 days, you can avail your complimentary health
check ups. Modern
treatments and robotic surgeries are covered
in both the plans. Modern treatments like robotic
surgeries are covered in Max Protect.
Up to one CR will be covered in Max Protect. Modern
treatments where up to one CR is assured.
E-consultation in ICC Lombard Health Advantage.
Unlimited e-consultation is available in both the plans.
You can consult their
doctors through Il Take Care. Non-payable
items: There is a claim protector
through which non-payable items are covered
like consumable items, PP kits, masks,
gloves and many more are covered.
So in the Classic plan,
non-payable items are not covered. In Max Protect, there is
no claim protector.
Claim protector is inbuilt in the premium. If you
pay the premium, you get the claim protector along with it
and non-payable items are also covered.
In ICC Lombard Health Advantage,
you can add a rider called claim protector
by paying a little extra premium and
your non-payable items are covered.  Items get covered
OPD cover
is not available in your ICC Lord Max Protect
You can add a rider in ICC Lord Health Advantage which is called
Fit Rider Its
detailed video is also available separately You
can refer if OPD plans are of your
interest Copayment There is zonal copayment in this plan
If you are moving from lower gen to higher
gen Max Protect as Well as
ICC Lombard Health Advantage both have
zonal copayment If you get treatment from lower gen to higher
gen then you will have to pay
copayment If you have paid premium for lower gen
and you are getting treatment in higher gen then
copayment will be
applicable Deductible option is
not available in this plan You cannot
choose deductible Maternity cover Maternity
cover as I told you is
not available in ICC Lord Max Protect
You can add on maternity rider in ICC Lombard Health Advantage so that
delivery cost, newborn baby
expenses, vaccination for  Newborns will be
covered and can be availed after a waiting period of nine months.
For this, you have to
pay a premium of three years in one go
to avail maternity benefit in ICICI
Lombard Health Advantage. Only pediatric
surgery, which is also called weight loss
surgery, is covered in both the plans.
Up to 50% sum assured is covered in ICICI Lombard Max Protect and Health Advantage. However,
in ICICI Lombard Health Advantage, it is covered
up to ₹1 lakh only. Now let's talk about
waiting periods. In both the plans, an
initial waiting period of 30 days will apply. The
waiting period for specific exclusions is 2 years in both the plans.
You cannot avail cover for specific exclusions for 2 years. The
waiting period for bariatric surgery is 3 years.
Waiting period for maternity is ISA Lombard.
In Health Advantage because it is not covered in Max Protect, there
is a waiting period of nine months in Health Advantage and
your waiting period for pre-existing conditions is
four years in Max Protect, you
can reduce it, there is a rider which you
can add, about which we will talk later.
In Health Advantage, the waiting period for pre-existing conditions
is two years. Now let's talk
about the optional riders of both the plans. There are only two optional riders in Max Protect,
apart from that there is no optional rider
which you can add, one is an
optional rider which you can add on the classic variant as well as on the
premium variant,
which is your reduction of PD
waiting period to two years, which means the
waiting period for pre-assisting conditions is four years. If
you want to reduce it to
two years, then you can reduce it by paying an additional premium in both the plans. The
second
right is available only for the classic plan,
if you  If you want to downgrade your room, there
is no sub-limit.
You can take any room except the suite category.
But if you
want a single private AC room, then if you
do that, your premium will be reduced.
It is only in the Classic plan that
you can downgrade your room. You
can avail its rider. Let us talk about the riders of IC Lord Health Advantage. The
first rider
available is Claim Protector, through which
your non-payable items are covered. The
second is Sum in Short Protector, which means
your sum in short will keep
increasing annually according to inflation. The third is
Maternity Coverage, through which your delivery
cost, newborn baby expenses and
vaccination expenses are also covered. The
fourth rider is Be Fit Rider,
which you can add on, so that you will
also get OPD benefit. Fifth is Personal
Accidental Rider, which you can add on.
Personal Accidental Rider includes Accidental
Death, Permanent Total Disability, Permanent
Partial Disability.  It is covered, so
if you look at the additional premium and want to add riders, if you
need them, you
can get them added. According to me, if you
ask, claim protector is one rider
which should be taken,
you can also look at IIC advantage and sum in short protector,
and if you want maternity, then add maternity, there is
no need for other riders. Now
we will compare the premium of both,
as I told you, there are different zones,
so the premium is calculated according to different zones,
when you see your own zone, then
calculate the premium accordingly, but
please be aware that there is zonal copayment in both,
if you are going from lower zone to higher zone, then
copayment will be applicable, so
if you do not want that, then
you can pay the premium of higher zone, here the
premium is taken for zone one, daily
premium is taken for family of four, two adults
plus two kids, here the age is taken 45, 40, 18
and 12, there is a family of four, get their
premium calculated, get it done at 50 lakhs
Because the minimum sum assured in ICL Lombard
Max Protect is only 50 lakhs, so for 50
lakhs the premium for the Classic plan is
3426 and for the Premium plan is 4263.
And if I take ICL Lombard Health Advantage
with Claim Protector, the premium I have taken
is
8103 for 50 lakhs sum assured. So you can see
which plan suits you and
which plan fits in with your needs.
You can take it accordingly. Do your due
diligence before taking any policy
and do not forget to share your medical information with the
insurance company
before taking any policy. So this was my
comparison of ICL Lombard Max Protect and ICL Lombard Health Advantage.
Regarding these two plans, you can reach out if you have any questions. You can also reach out in
the comments section. We will be able to assist you.
Before leaving,
a quick reminder if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel.  So
that you get the right information at the right
time, also give your feedback and suggestions on
what should I make the next video on and we will meet
in the next video, till then stay
safe and take care bye-bye